Add Kafka Cluster Monitoring (#21736)
DataDog/integrations-core: kafka_consumer/README.md

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxz tabs xxx -->

### Cluster Monitoring (Preview)

In addition to consumer lag metrics, this integration can collect comprehensive cluster metadata when `enable_cluster_monitoring` is enabled:

- **Broker information**: Configuration and health metrics
- **Topic and partition details**: Sizes, offsets, replication status
- **Consumer group metadata**: Member details and group state
- **Schema registry**: Schema information (if schema_registry_url is provided)

> All cluster monitoring metrics are tagged with `kafka_cluster_id` for easy filtering.

Author: Most metrics are cluster wide metrics, so not specific to only one broker. I will make sure that metrics specific to one broker are tagged with broker id.

> **Note**: This feature is in preview and may increase Agent resource consumption on large clusters. Configuration and schema events are cached to reduce volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This feature is in Preview and may increase Agent resource consumption on large clusters. The integration caches configuration and schema events to reduce volume.
```
